(soft music)
- [Instructor] So far, we haven't
really introduced any customizations.
And there is a very little risk involved
that we have introduced bugs in our application.
In this challenge,
we want you to create a custom query
that is able to fetch average grades for active students.
First, you should extend the student class
with new attributes boolean active and int grade.
Grade can be anything between zero and 100.
Next you'll write a failing test
by pre-existing a couple of students
and verifying average grade.
And finally write an implementation for a custom query.
This challenge should take about 5 to 10 minutes.
When you're done, or if you get stuck,
you can check out my solution widow
to see how I solved the challenge.